Explain how to join vertical nav items with a bar (#10616)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/panels/docs/06-navigation.md

protected static ?string $navigationIcon = 'heroicon-o-document-text';
```

> If you set `$navigationIcon = null` on multiple resources within the same navigation Group, those items will be joined with a vertical bar below the Group name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set `$navigationIcon = null` on all items within the same navigation group, those items will be joined with a vertical bar below the Group name.
```
